Explain the meaning of Inheritance.

Imagine you have a toy box, and inside it, there is a special toy robot called "Activity Robot". This robot knows how to start, pause, and end an activity.

Now, you want to make 3 new robots:

A Breathing Robot that helps you breathe,

A Reflection Robot that asks you questions,

A Listing Robot  that lets you make lists.

Instead of building each robot from scratch, you say:

"Hey! Let me copy the smart parts from the Activity Robot, so all the new robots know how to start and end an activity too!"

That’s called inheritance! The new robots inherit the smart parts from the first robot.

Highlight a benefit of Inheritance.
It saves time! 
Because you don’t have to write the same thing over and over again. You just write it once in the main robot (base class), and the others inherit it.

Provide an application of Inheritance.

Imagine a teacher who teaches students how to start a lesson, take a break, and end the class. She gives all her students a special notebook 📓 that shows exactly how to do those three things.

Now, she has three types of students:

Breathing Student who teaches breathing exercises

Reflection Student who guides deep thinking

Listing Student  who helps make lists

They all follow the same notebook given by the teacher, so:

They all know how to begin a session

They all know how to pause and take a break

And they all know how to end properly

But each student adds their own unique lesson content — one does breathing, one does reflection, and one does listing.

 That’s Inheritance:
The teacher’s notebook is like a base class called Activity, and the students are subclasses (BreathingActivity, ReflectionActivity, ListingActivity).
They inherit the shared instructions (start, pause, end), and each adds their own special thing!

Use a code example of Inheritance from the program you wrote. (You should copy and paste a few lines of code that demonstrate the use of the principle.)
public class BreathingActivity : Activity
{
    public BreathingActivity() : base(
        "Breathing Activity",
        "This activity will help you relax by guiding you through deep breathing.")
    {
    }

    public override void Run()
    {
        Start(); // Comes from Activity!
        // breathing logic here
        End();   // Comes from Activity!
    }
}
